# Terms of Service

Thank you for using the blockeden website at [blockroma.com](http://blockroma.com/) (“Site”) and/or using Stargately, Inc.’s (“Company” or “we” or “our” or “us”) service available via such website and/or our mobile application (the “App”) that, as further elaborated in Section 1 below, allows users (each, a “User”) to store and visualize double-entry bookkeeping; as well as consolidate and process data from third-party services (such service collectively with the Site, the App and any other related services the Company offers from time to time, the “Service”). And these Terms of Service (“Agreement”) govern your browsing, viewing and other use of the Service. Should you are viewing this on your mobile device, you can also view this Agreement via a web browser at [blockroma.com/terms-of-service](http://blockroma.com/terms-of-service).
BEFORE USING THE SERVICE, PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING ON “ACCEPT” OR “SUBMIT” AND/OR BY CREATING AN ACCOUNT ON THE SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE CAREFULLY READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING: (A) THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 16 UNDER WHICH YOU AGREE TO ARBITRATE CERTAIN CLAIMS INSTEAD OF GOING TO COURT AND AGREE NOT TO BRING OR PARTICIPATE IN CLASS ACTIONS CLAIMS; AND (B) THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 9, WHICH SPECIFY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR RECURRING SUBSCRIPTION CHARGES FOR CERTAIN PAID ACCOUNT TYPES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEN PLEASE DO NOT CLICK “ACCEPT” OR “SUBMIT”, IN WHICH CASE YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO USE THE SERVICE.
IF THE INDIVIDUAL ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT IS DOING SO ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, SUCH INDIVIDUAL REPRESENTS THAT HE OR SHE HAS THE REQUISITE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY, ITS AFFILIATES AND ALL USERS WHO ACCESS OUR SERVICES THROUGH SUCH ENTITY’S ACCOUNT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, IN WHICH CASE THE TERMS “YOU” OR “YOUR” SHALL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY, ITS AFFILIATES AND USERS ASSOCIATED WITH IT. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH COMPANY IS LIMITED TO BEING A SERVICE USER, AND NOT AN EMPLOYEE, AGENT, JOINT VENTURER OR PARTNER OF COMPANY FOR ANY REASON, AND YOU ACT EXCLUSIVELY ON YOUR OWN BEHALF AND FOR YOUR OWN BENEFIT, AND NOT ON BEHALF OF OR FOR THE BENEFIT OF COMPANY.
Note for Children. The Services are not provided for persons under the age of 18. If you are under 18 years of age, then please do not use the Services. By clicking the “ACCEPT” or “SUBMIT” button or by otherwise using or registering an account for the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
The Company’s Privacy Policy, at [blockroma.com/privacy-policy](http://blockroma.com/privacy-policy) (the “Privacy Policy”), describes the collection, use and disclosure of data and information (including usage data) by the Company in connection with the Service. The Privacy Policy, as may be updated by the Company from time to time in accordance with its terms, is hereby incorporated into this Agreement, and you hereby agree to the collection, use and disclosure practices set forth therein.

# 1. How it Works.

The Service allows Users to connect certain Third-Party Services (as defined in Section 7 below) to their Service account. The Service then consolidates connection and relationship data to provide the User with centralized information and insights about those connections, with the ability to access certain functionality via such Third-Party Services. In connection with your use of the Service, certain fees may be due to the Company in accordance with Section 9.

# 2. License to Use the App.

If you have downloaded the App, then, subject to your compliance with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company grants you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to install and use the App on a compatible mobile device that you own or control for your personal, non-commercial purposes, in each case in the manner enabled by the Company. If you are using the App on an Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) iOS device or if you downloaded the App on an Android device via the Google Play Store from Google, Inc. (“Google”), the foregoing license is further limited to use permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in Apple’s App Store Terms of Service, or the applicable Google terms and conditions, respectively (collectively, the “App Store Terms”). Any use of the App other than for use in compliance with applicable App Store Terms is strictly prohibited.

# 3. Sharing; Publishing.

3.1. The Service may provide certain functionality where you can share selected information from within your account (either aggregated from Third-Party Services and/or inputted by you) (“Your Content”) with other users, such as via a private URL. You acknowledge that the Company provides such functionality for your benefit but cannot guarantee that Your Content will not be intercepted or otherwise used not in accordance with your wishes. You acknowledge this risk and agree that the Company shall have no liability with respect to your sharing of Your Content, unless the liability arises due to Company’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.
3.2. Your License to Company. You shall retain all of your ownership rights in Your Content. You hereby grant the Company a non-exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, sublicenseable and transferable license to reproduce, use, modify and prepare derivative works of, distribute, perform, display, transmit and otherwise exploit Your Content solely for purposes of (a) providing the Service and for troubleshooting and improving the Service; (b) allowing Third-Party Services to assist us in providing you the Service; and © where, in our reasonable discretion, it is necessary to respond to legal process. We will only use and disclose Your Content in accordance with our Privacy Policy and will respect your privacy and use commercial best efforts to keep Your Content private. Your Content you submit to Third-Party Services (as defined in Section 7) through the Service or to the Service via such Third-Party Services is subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Third-Party Service.
3.3. You understand that Your Content is provided to you through the Service only on an “as-available” basis and the Company does not guarantee that the availability of Your Content will be uninterrupted or bug free. You agree you are responsible for all of Your Content and all activities that occur under your User account.
3.4. In connection with Your Content, you agree that you will not: (i) use material that is subject to third party intellectual property or proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant the Company all of the license rights granted herein; or (ii) use material that is unlawful, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, obscene, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, violate any law or is otherwise inappropriate.
3.5. You hereby acknowledge that you may be exposed to content from other Users that is inaccurate, offensive, obscene, indecent, or objectionable when using the Service, and further acknowledge that the Company does not have any obligation to control the content shared by other Users and does not have any obligation to monitor such content for any purpose.

# 4. Representations and Warranties.

You represent, warrant and covenant that, in connection with this Agreement or the Service, you will not and will not attempt to: (i) violate any laws, third party rights or our other policies; (ii) re-join or attempt to use the Service if the Company has banned or suspended you; (iii) defraud the Company or another user; or (vi) use another User’s account or allow another person to use your User account. Any illegal activities undertaken in connection with the Service may be referred to the authorities.

# 5. Ownership; Proprietary Rights.

As between you and the Company, the Company owns all worldwide right, title and interest, including all intellectual property and other proprietary rights, in and to the Service, all content available in connection therewith (other than Your Content) and all usage and other data generated or collected in connection with the use thereof (the “Company Materials”). Except for as expressly set forth herein, you agree not to license, distribute, copy, modify, publicly perform or display, transmit, publish, edit, adapt, create derivative works from, or otherwise make any unauthorized use of the Company Materials. You agree not to reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code, algorithm or programs underlying the Company Materials. The Company reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service or any version(s) thereof at any time in its sole discretion, with or without notice.

# 6. Third Party Sites.

The Service may include links that allow you to access web sites or other online services that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge and agree that the Company is not responsible and shall have no liability for the content of such third-party sites and services, products or services made available through them, or your use of or interaction with them.

# 7. Third-Party Services.

The Service includes features and/or functionality that interoperate with online services operated by third parties (such services, “Third-Party Services”), pursuant to agreements between Company and the operators of such Third-Party Services (such agreements, “Third-Party Agreements” and such operators, “Operators”) or through application programming interfaces or other means of interoperability made generally available by the Operators (“Third-Party APIs”) which Company does not control. Third-Party Agreements and Third-Party APIs (and the policies, terms and rules applicable to Third-Party APIs) may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time. Company shall have no liability with respect to any such modification, suspension or termination. You are responsible for ensuring that your use of the Service in connection with any Third-Party Service complies with all agreements, policies, terms and rules applicable to such Third-Party Service.

# 8. Mobile Services.

Use of the Service may require usage of data services provided by your wireless service carrier. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for data usage fees and any other fees that your wireless service carrier may charge in connection with your use of the Service.
FOR ANY PAID SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE ACCOUNT TYPE, YOU WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY ENROLLED IN (AND CHARGED FOR) THE SUBSCRIPTION PLAN YOU SELECTED FOLLOWING THE END OF ANY APPLICABLE FREE TRIAL PERIOD. YOU MUST CANCEL PRIOR TO THE END OF YOUR FREE TRIAL IN THE MANNER SPECIFIED BELOW TO AVOID BEING CHARGED.
YOU MAY CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION AT ANY TIME THROUGH OUR SERVICE OR BY CONTACTING US AT [email protected]. IF YOU CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION, YOU MAY STILL USE YOUR SUBSCRIPTION UNTIL THE END OF YOUR THEN-CURRENT SUBSCRIPTION MONTH. TO NOT BE CHARGED FOR YOUR SUBSCRIPTION FOR THE FOLLOWING SUBSCRIPTION MONTH, YOU MUST CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION AT LEAST THIRTY (30) DAYS PRIOR TO THAT MONTH, OR YOU WILL OTHERWISE BE CHARGED FOR THAT MONTH’S SUBSCRIPTION. ALL CANCELLATION REQUESTS RECEIVED LESS THAN THIRTY (30) DAYS BEFORE THE FOLLOWING SUBSCRIPTION MONTH WILL APPLY TO THE FOLLOWING CYCLE.

# 10. Prohibited Uses.

As a condition of your use of the Service, you will not use the Service for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this Agreement. You may not use the Service in any manner that in our sole discretion could damage, disable, overburden, impair or interfere with any other party’s use of it. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the Service. You agree not to scrape or otherwise use automated means to access or gather information from the Service, and agree not to bypass any robot exclusion measures we may put into place. In addition, you agree not to use false or misleading information in connection with your User account, and acknowledge that we reserve the right to disable any User account with a profile which we believe (in our sole discretion) is false or misleading (including a profile that impersonates a third party).

# 11. Additional Terms.

When you use certain features or materials on the Service, or participate in a particular promotion, event or contest through the Service, such use or participation may be subject to additional terms and conditions posted on the Service. Such additional terms and conditions are hereby incorporated within this Agreement, and you agree to comply with such additional terms and conditions with respect to such use or participation.

# 12. Termination.

You may terminate this Agreement at any time, for any reason or for no reason, by deleting your Service account through the Service or by contacting us at [email protected]. You agree that the Company, in its sole discretion and for any or no reason, may terminate this Agreement, your account or your use of the Service, at any time and without notice. The Company may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Service, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that the Company shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any such termination. Sections 3 (with respect to Users’ obligations therein), 4 through 8, 9 (with respect to accrued payment obligations) and 10 through 18 will survive any termination of this Agreement.

# 13. Disclaimers; No Warranties.

THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIALS MADE AVAILABLE IN CONJUNCTION WITH OR THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, THE COMPANY AND ITS LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS AND PARTNERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. THE COMPANY AND ITS LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS AND PARTNERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE FEATURES AND FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SERVICE OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE AVAILABLE THE FEATURES AND FUNCTIONALITY THEREOF ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.

# 14. Indemnification.

You agree to indemnify and hold the Company and its affiliated companies, and each of their officers, directors and employees, harmless from any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, (any of the foregoing, a “Claim”) arising out of or relating to your use or misuse of the Service, breach of this Agreement or infringement, misappropriation or violation of the intellectual property or other rights of any other person or entity, provided that the foregoing does not obligate you to the extent the Claim arises out of the Company’s willful misconduct or gross negligence. The Company reserves the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.

# 15. Limitation of Liability and Damages.

THE SERVICE AND ANY THIRD-PARTY, MEDIA, SOFTWARE, SERVICES, OR APPLICATIONS MADE AVAILABLE IN CONJUNCTION WITH OR THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, CODILITY, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND PARTNERS, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.
CODILITY, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND PARTNERS, DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE FEATURES CONTAINED IN THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SERVICE OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE THE SERVICE AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU SHOULD USE YOUR OWN VIRUS PROTECTION SOFTWARE.
CODILITY, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND PARTNERS, DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SERVICE IN TERMS OF CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. YOU (AND NOT CODILITY NOR ITS SUPPLIERS AND PARTNERS) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU DOWNLOAD, OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN MEDIA, MATERIAL, OR OTHER DATA THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM SUCH MATERIAL OR DATA. CERTAIN LAWS IN YOUR JURISDICTION MAY NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. 2. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL CODILITY OR ITS AFFILIATES, CONTRACTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS OR SUPPLIERS, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM YOUR USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE content, visual interfaces, information, graphics, design, compilation, computer code, products, software, services, and all other elements of the Service that are provided by CODILITY ON THE SERVICE, THE SERVICE ITSELF, OR ANY OTHER INTERACTIONS WITH CODILITY, EVEN IF CODILITY OR A CODILITY AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH CASES, CODILITY’S LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
IN NO EVENT SHALL CODILITY’S OR ITS AFFILIATES, CONTRACTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS OR SUPPLIERS’ TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF THE SITE (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU TO CODILITY IN THE SIX (6) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENTS GIVING RISE TO THE APPLICABLE CLAIM.
THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL ALSO APPLY WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES INCURRED BY REASON OF ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES SOLD OR PROVIDED TO YOU BY THIRD PARTIES OTHER THAN CODILITY AND RECEIVED BY YOU THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE SERVICE OR RECEIVED BY YOU THROUGH ANY LINKS PROVIDED ON THE SERVICE.

# 16. Arbitration.

16.1. Agreement to Arbitrate. This Section 16 is referred to herein as the “Arbitration Agreement.” The parties agree that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes between you and Company arising out of, relating to, or resulting from this Agreement, shall be subject to binding arbitration pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Arbitration Agreement, and not any court action (other than a small claims court action to the extent the claim qualifies and other than claims for injunctive or other equitable relief). The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement.
16.2. Class Action Waiver. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT EACH PARTY MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING. UNLESS BOTH PARTIES AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S OR PARTY’S CLAIMS AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE, OR CLASS PROCEEDING. ALSO, THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S).
16.3. Procedures. Arbitration will be conducted by a neutral arbitrator in accordance with the American Arbitration Association’s (“AAA”) rules and procedures (the “AAA Rules”), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement. If there is any inconsistency between the AAA Rules and this Arbitration Agreement, the terms of this Arbitration Agreement will control unless the arbitrator determines that the application of the inconsistent Arbitration Agreement terms would not result in a fundamentally fair arbitration. The arbitrator must also follow the provisions of this Agreement as a court would, including without limitation, the limitation of liability provisions in Section 15. You may visit [adr.org](http://adr.org/) for information on the AAA and [adr.org/FileOnline](http://adr.org/FileOnline) for information on how to file a claim against the Company.
16.4. Venue. The arbitration shall be held in the county in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location. If the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less, you or Company may elect to have the arbitration conducted by telephone or based solely on written submissions, which election shall be binding on each party, but subject to the arbitrator’s discretion to require an in-person hearing if the circumstances warrant. Attendance at any in-person hearing may be made by telephone by either or both parties unless the arbitrator requires otherwise.
16.5. Governing Law. The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to its conflicts of laws rules, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different Service users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving you to the extent required by applicable law. 16.6. Costs of Arbitration. Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees (collectively, the “Arbitration Fees”) will be governed by the AAA’s Rules. Each party will be responsible for all other fees it incurs in connection with the arbitration, including without limitation, all attorney fees.
16.7. Confidentiality. All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, and any ruling, decision or award by the arbitrator, will be strictly confidential for the benefit of all parties.
16.8. Severability. If a court decides that any term or provision of this Arbitration Agreement other than Section 16.2 is invalid or unenforceable, the parties agree to replace such term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Arbitration Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified. If a court decides that any of the provisions of Section 16.2 is invalid or unenforceable, then the entirety of this Arbitration Agreement shall be null and void. The remainder of this Agreement will continue to apply.

# 17. Miscellaneous.

The Company may make modifications, deletions and/or additions to this Agreement (“Changes”) at any time. Changes will be effective: (i) thirty (30) days after the Company provides notice of the Changes, whether such notice is provided through the Service user interface, is sent to the e-mail address associated with your account or otherwise; or (ii) when you opt-in or otherwise expressly agree to the Changes or a version of this Agreement incorporating the Changes, whichever comes first. Under this Agreement, you consent to receive communications from the Company electronically. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Service that is not subject to arbitration under Section 16 shall be filed only in the state or federal courts in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (or a small claims court of competent jurisdiction) and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable relief. The failure of any party at any time to require performance of any provision of this Agreement shall in no manner affect such party’s right at a later time to enforce the same. A waiver of any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a continuing waiver of other breaches of the same or other provisions of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by the Company without restriction. This is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be modified except in a writing, signed by both parties, or by a change to this Agreement made by the Company as set forth herein.

# 18. More Information; Complaints.

The services hereunder are offered by Stargately, Inc., email: [dev@stargately.com](mailto:dev@stargately.com) , address: 601 Van Ness Ave, San Francisco, CA 94102. If you are a California resident, we are required to inform you that you may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs via mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N112, Sacramento, CA 95834 or telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210. Hearing impaired users can reach the Complaint Assistance Unit at TDD (800) 326-2297 or TDD (916) 322-1700.
1
